Brother, what did you say?
Don't listen to your brother's nonsense
Who is Chen Wenyu?
It's my art of recording at Qingya Conservatory of Music
admission letter
Let me tell you something.
All our money is left to your brother
Don't expect us to pay you a penny for tuition
This college entrance exam is the first in the country
Not only tuition free
And there's a $50,000 scholarship
Ouch sister
I didn't expect you to have hydropneumoconiosis when you were a kid
Almost died
I can still sing when I grow up
Went to school at 7:30
Why is 50,000 always a fee?
know
13 years old
Where the hell are you?
Let's go bro, let's go
Mom
Sister, you have to take good care of Tiantian
Don't worry, Mom, I have a sister like Tiantian.
Will definitely take good care of her
Let's go, I'm going to be late, let's go, go, bye
Zhong Yongqi?
madam
Although last time I found another batch with crescent moons in their hands
Birthmark girl
But the DNA test failed
Let's check it out.
Sorry, sorry.